Certificate of wages of regular / seasonal staff ELGAH procedure concerns the granting of certificates of wages of regular / seasonal staff ELGAH. Those who belong to the regular and seasonal staff of the Hellenic Agricultural Insurance Organization (ELGA) can issue a salary certificate. The certificate concerns a specific financial year (from 2011 onwards) and is issued for fiscal use. Conditions: 1. Possession of codes for entering the software: The user must have Taxisnet codes. 1. Professional: The user must belong to the regular staff of ELGA .1.Professional: The user must belong to the seasonal staff of ELGA. Digital steps: 1. User authentication with Taxisnet codes: the user enters the personal codes available in Taxisnet 1. User authentication failure: In case of incorrect registration of the pair of codes, access to the service is blocked by the system. 1. Successful user authentication: The Taxisnet code pair is successfully entered and the interested party gains access to the service. 1. User authorization: The user authorizes the ELGA server to access their information (TIN ), which are held at the AADE. 1. Selection of Application: To print the Certificate of salaries of regular / seasonal staff ELGA, the interested party should go to the applications. 1. Retrieval of Certificate of salaries of regular / seasonal staff ELGA to print: After the relevant selection , the ELGA plant production compensation payment certificate is retrieved, to be printed by the interested party. 1. Failure to retrieve the ELGA regular / seasonal staff salary certificate to print: A relevant message appears regarding the reasons for not recovering the ELGA regular / seasonal staff salary certificate.
"Permit to trade pigs The procedure concerns the issuance of a health certificate (health certificate) for the movement of pigs for reproduction or performance and slaughter within the Greek territory. Conditions: 1. Proprietary: The applicant must be the owner of the pigs. 1. Professional: The trader , regardless of whether he is also the owner of the animals,
must be a natural or legal person who proceeds immediately or
indirectly in the buying and selling of animals for commercial purposes,
registered in the registers of the competent authority and comply with them
requirements of the current legislation. 1. Sanitary: The pigs to be moved must belong to a holding registered in the respective register of the relevant Regional Unit. 1. Sanitary: The pigs must be subject to an identification check. 1. Sanitary: The means of transport to be used for the movement of pigs, they must meet the health requirements of the current legislation. 1. Health: The pigs that will be moved and for which a permit will be issued
movement document-health certificate must have the same addressee, come from the same holding and move by the same means of transport. moves his pigs for breeding or yields submits a completed application for the movement of pigs in four (4) copies to the competent agency. The application in question constitutes a responsible declaration, against the signatory, for the completeness and correctness of the listed information concerning him, and jointly for the declared destination of the animals. 1. Receipt of an electronic request for the trafficking of pigs: The applicant (the owner of the animals), who wishes to move pigs submits an electronic application for the movement of pigs. 1. Stamping of the application: The application, after successfully checking the correctness of its information, is stamped by the official veterinarian of the competent service in order to be processed. 1. Control of sanitary conditions of movement of pigs: The official veterinarian of the competent agency in whose register the goats and sheep to be moved are registered, carries out a check to establish compliance with the health requirements of the legislation depending on the purpose of their movement. 1. Issuance of a health certificate (permit) for the movement of pigs :After the successful health examination, the official veterinarian fills in section C of the movement document - health certificate which accompanies the pigs during transport to their destination. All copies are signed and stamped originals, one of them
remains in the file of the issuing veterinary service, one is filed with the competent veterinary service of the relevant P.E. or District of the place of destination of the animals, one accompanies the animals to the place of destination and is kept by their consignee and one is kept in the records of their holding of origin. Please note that in addition to the health certificate, animals for slaughter must be accompanied by information on the food chain from the holding of origin (Producer's Responsible Declaration)."
